In this section, you will be introduced to microservices and how they evolved.
How service meshes came into the picture.
And then we will talk about Istio, one of the most popular service meshes right now.
We will talk about how to get started with Istio by installing Istioctl utility first.
And then installing Istio on your cluster.
We will see how to deploy our example application in our cluster,
generate some traffic, and visualize it with the Kiali dashboard.
Kiali helps in visualizing traffic in a nice user interface,
so this will be helpful for us to understand how our mesh works.
At this phase of the course, we will look at a high-level overview of Kiali
and learn how to install it and view the dashboard.
But later on, towards the end of the course, we will dig in deeper.
If you're ready, let us begin.